README.md, before:

# Programming in Scala

This is the repository for the ESIEE 2021 E5 DSIA 5101C.

The syllabus of the course is available [here](Syllabus.pdf).

Project this year will be individual and no two students will be allowed to have the same subject. Additionally, the use of any imperative construct, such as a *while* loop or looping over a list, will be taking away credits. 


### Course Material
The book that we will be using during the course is:

- ***Programming in Scala***, 3rd Ed. By Martin Odersky et al.

The [Scala](http://www.scala-lang.org) website also contains several links to useful learning material. 

While this is a scala Course, I'll be using from time to time [Haskell](http://haskell.org) to explain some core functional programming concepts as it provides a more succint and extremely clear syntax. If you want to deepen your understanding of functional programmign and in particular of Haskell I suggest the following two books:

- ***Haskell: The Craft of Functional Programming***, 2nd Ed by Simon Thompson.

- ***Thinking Functionally with Haskell***, by Richard Bird

### Software
Make sure that your laptop has intsalled:


- [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download)* 

- [Scala Build Toool](http://www.scala-sbt.org)** 



(*) You can use Eclipse but in my experience IntelliJ works much better.

(**) While you could get by installing only IntelliJ I also want you to have direct experience with SBT. Thus install it.


### Optional Software

If you want to be able to run the Haskell examples that I'll be using during the course you'll need to install the haskell platform by following the instructions available [here](https://www.haskell.org/downloads).

Commit message:

updated readme to scala3 and added lecture-1

README.md, after:

# Programming in Scala

This is the repository for the ESIEE 2021 E5 DSIA 5101C.

The syllabus of the course is available [here](Syllabus.pdf).

Project this year will be individual and no two students will be allowed to have the same subject. Additionally, the use of any imperative construct, such as a *while* loop or looping over a list, will be taking away credits. 


### Course Material
The book that we will be using during the course is:

- ***Programming in Scala***, 4th Ed. By Martin Odersky et al.

- ***Programming in Scala***, 5th Ed. By Martin Odersky et al. (Updated to Scala 3)


The [Scala](http://www.scala-lang.org) website also contains several links to useful learning material. 

While this is a scala Course, I'll be using from time to time [Haskell](http://haskell.org) to explain some core functional programming concepts as it provides a more succint and extremely clear syntax. If you want to deepen your understanding of functional programmign and in particular of Haskell I suggest the following two books:

- ***Haskell: The Craft of Functional Programming***, 2nd Ed by Simon Thompson.

- ***Thinking Functionally with Haskell***, by Richard Bird

### Software
#### Scala 2.x
Make sure that your laptop has intsalled:


- [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download)* 

- [Scala Build Toool](http://www.scala-sbt.org)** 



(*) You can use Eclipse but in my experience IntelliJ works much better.

(**) While you could get by installing only IntelliJ I also want you to have direct experience with SBT. Thus install it.


#### Scala 3.x
Make sure that your laptop has intsalled:

- [Supported IDEs](http://dotty.epfl.ch/docs/usage/ide-support.html)

- [Coursier](https://get-coursier.io/docs/cli-installation)


### Optional Software

If you want to be able to run the Haskell examples that I'll be using during the course you'll need to install the haskell platform by following the instructions available [here](https://www.haskell.org/downloads).
